the system consists of the shock adapter
in the suspension cartridge these are
connected by a pneumatic air hoses to
the some drifter on the handlebar here
for example on an Edison some shifter
for cartridge shock adapter which is
screwed onto the shock piston on the
frame top tube you will find an
instruction manual for a setup and on
the down tube recommended air pressures
for the fork in the rear shock these
parts are identical on all Bionic on
bikes no matter whether downhill or a
cross country the adjustment of the
geometry is also similar on all Bionic
on bikes by riding just press the some
shifter and lean forward the air moves
from the frog cartridge to the shock
adapter the fork traveler is reduced and
the settlers lifted up which enables you
to take his deepest claims going down
here it's the other way around press the
some shifter and lean backwards the
forks travel is maximized and the saddle
is lowered which ensures relaxed and
safe down here writing this adjustment
can be done infinitely hence our claim
by one right ten
hello everybody my name is Annie bezel
I'm coming from the TNT and we love the
Bavarian hugs as you can see it's a nice
leg grew up there and there's also where
actually the election of my own icon is
coming from actually a bought my first
bike in 1995 it was amazing specialized
stumpjumper with the money to sweep work
having incredible 80 millimeter
suspension on the front after the crew
suspension friends started off I bought
a full suspension bike having already
120 20 millimeters of travel and they
are ripping the trails with this bike
was awesomely problem was that we have
quite steep climbs and there are no
chemicals or lifts very can take up your
bike which is actually also not the main
meaning of doing of making anything and
yeah all the the front wheel was
constantly rising also we had real fun
on the darkness and one of our longer
trips we watched coats walking up and
down the mountains and then there was
Reggie and they entrust their their
front legs and Felix when they go up
they reduce the front legs and when they
go down they make like this step and the
idea of care adjustment was born like
this actually it's quite simple and our
company has the only fully adjustable
system on the market which is the
morning only thing for the future and i
myself am involved in trying to get all
the money into the company to make sure
that we have a strong R&D and can build
up a rebrand our roots actually are in
the snow body we were all professionals
no mattresses
some years ago and that's why we
actually see mountain biking
intellectual wedding as you can see
there's a mountain and we're not resting
sides and one side is the climate and
the other side is to write it down and
that's how we also see mountain biking
in general there's just being out there
in nature every week of equipment being
adapted to the nature also many people
thought in the beginning we are probably
every right fourth out in my company I
think it's not really in this case are
we offering a wide range of bikes from
cross country to light free writing I
would say all of our bikes are fully
adjustable incredible and so made are
specifically for climbing I think six
inch of Trevor or 150 millimeter will be
a standard for comfortable riding bike
there's nothing to do with the humbly or
anything like this by only con is a
quite simple technology and has a great
effect and we want to make sure that you
as a user can understand how simply with
it nothing lasts forever but if you'll
take good care of their bike and make
sure that you watch the city and do what
we ask you to do then you have a lot of
fun with this bike in case we might have
any other questions or something like
this just give us a call or go to our
website or even come by the tiggen Z or
in one of our locations around the globe
and and make sure that you get some of
these amazing beers here and we can join
you